Friday 19 May, 2pm
Attendees: Everyone

During this group meeting, we discussed the project progress so far and worked on the following:
* We uploaded the servo code to the repository so that we could start integrating the servo with the buttons/peizo
* Nat and Raquel researched into way to make the ball conductive but not reflective.  
* We updated the Readme file, and looked into ways of testing our code

Before the next meeting:
* Raquel will buy reflective tape
* Darcy will have integrated the servo and peizo code
* Axel will complete the serial interface 
